#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
--extra-index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cpu

aiohttp==3.8.5
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
    #   tritonclient
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.0.1
    # via streamlit
anyio==3.7.1
    # via starlette
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
blinker==1.6.2
    # via streamlit
boto3==1.26.160
    # via -r requirements.in
boto3-stubs==1.26.161
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.29.165
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
botocore-stubs==1.31.35
    # via boto3-stubs
brotli==1.0.9
    # via geventhttpclient
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via streamlit
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   geventhttpclient
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   sacremoses
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.5.6
    # via -r requirements.in
datasets==2.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dill==0.3.5.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via anyio
fastapi==0.103.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ffmpeg-python==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.12.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
flatbuffers==23.5.26
    # via onnxruntime
fonttools==4.42.1
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2023.6.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
future==0.18.3
    # via ffmpeg-python
gevent==23.7.0
    # via geventhttpclient
geventhttpclient==2.0.2
    # via tritonclient
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.32
    # via streamlit
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via gevent
grpcio==1.57.0
    # via tritonclient
huggingface-hub==0.16.4
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   transformers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
hvac==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.31.2
    # via scikit-image
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via streamlit
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
    #   torch
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.3.2
    # via sacremoses
jsonschema==4.19.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.20.1
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   marshmallow-enum
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycocotools
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.13
    # via datasets
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.1
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
numpy==1.25.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   datasets
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pycocotools
    #   pydeck
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-video
    #   scipy
    #   streamlit
    #   tifffile
    #   transformers
    #   tritonclient
onnxruntime==1.15.1
    # via -r requirements.in
opencv-python==4.5.5.62
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pytesseract
    #   scikit-image
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
    #   tritonclient
pandas==2.0.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   datasets
    #   streamlit
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytesseract
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-video
    #   streamlit
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   streamlit
    #   tritonclient
psycopg2-binary==2.9.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pyarrow==12.0.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   streamlit
pycocotools==2.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic==1.10.12
    # via fastapi
pydeck==0.8.0
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.16.1
    # via rich
pyhcl==0.4.4
    # via hvac
pympler==1.0.1
    # via streamlit
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via matplotlib
pytesseract==0.3.9
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   streamlit
python-rapidjson==1.10
    # via tritonclient
pytz==2023.3
    # via pandas
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via tzlocal
pywavelets==1.4.1
    # via scikit-image
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
rapidfuzz==3.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2023.8.8
    # via
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hvac
    #   responses
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
responses==0.18.0
    # via datasets
rich==13.5.2
    # via streamlit
rpds-py==0.9.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
s3transfer==0.6.2
    # via boto3
sacremoses==0.0.53
    # via transformers
scikit-image==0.19.1
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-video==1.1.11
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.11.2
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-video
sentencepiece==0.1.96
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   geventhttpclient
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sacremoses
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
starlette==0.27.0
    # via fastapi
streamlit==1.25.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sympy==1.12
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   torch
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via streamlit
tifffile==2023.8.25
    # via scikit-image
tokenizers==0.13.3
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
toolz==0.12.0
    # via altair
torch==2.0.1+cpu
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.3.3
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
transformers==4.16.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tritonclient[all]==2.35.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typer==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
types-awscrt==0.19.0
    # via botocore-stubs
types-s3transfer==0.6.2
    # via boto3-stubs
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   streamlit
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.3.1
    # via streamlit
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   responses
validators==0.21.2
    # via streamlit
watchdog==3.0.0
    # via streamlit
xxhash==3.3.0
    # via datasets
yarl==1.9.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.16.2
    # via importlib-metadata
zope-event==5.0
    # via gevent
zope-interface==6.0
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
